# SQL_Airbnb_project
Airbnb is a leading online marketplace that provides accommodation options across various neighborhoods in New York City and around the globe. To ensure their business operations run smoothly, Airbnb has developed a cutting-edge 'Hospitality Intelligence Hub' that analyzes data from various sources for better insights and trends. By using this tool, Airbnb gains valuable insights into their business operations, which help them make informed, data-driven decisions.
The 'Hospitality Intelligence Hub' uses MySQL to analyze data which contains information on various neighborhoods in New York City,including the types of listings available, the prices of hese listings, and their availability. The system tracks trends in customer behavior and preferences, such as frequently booked room types, price trends for specific neighborhoods etc.
With this tool, Airbnb can identify areas for improvement and make changes to their operations to improve customer satisfaction. For example, the 'Hospitality Intelligence Hub' helps Airbnb optimize pricing for different neighborhoods to increase occupancy rates, improve listings based on customer preferences, and enhance the customer experience by identifying areas for improvement.
In this case study on Airbnb's Hospitality Intelligence Hub, we have two tables: 'Listings' and ‘Booking_Details. The ‘Listings' table containsinformation on the various neighborhoods in New York City, including the types of listings available in each neighborhood. The 'Reviews' table, on the other hand, has information on the prices of these listings, reviews and their availability.
